Add API CR and fix Application CR name bug (#30)
kyma-incubator/hack-showcase: chart/githubconnector/README.md

```
**NOTE:** To define namespace in which chart should be installed add flag `--namespace`. You can also define name of your release with flag `--name`.

**ATTENTION:** Our application is in Beta version. For now you HAVE TO specify those flags:
* --name - it has to be "github-connector"

> * --set conatiner.image={VALUE} - specify it if you have newer version of docker image than karoljaksik/github-connector:1.0.1

Reviewer: Small typo, should have been
`set container.image={VALUE} `

> * --set conatiner.image={VALUE} - specify it if you have newer version of docker image than karoljaksik/github-connector:1.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* --set container.image={VALUE} - specify it if you have newer version of docker image than karoljaksik/github-connector:1.0.2
```

* --set kymaAddress={VALUE} - specify your kyma adddress (for example 35.195.198.66.xip.io)
```

> helm install --set container.image=karoljaksik/github-connector:1.0.1 --set kymaAddress=35.195.198.66.xip.io -n github-connector --namespace flying-seals . --tls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
helm install --set container.image=karoljaksik/github-connector:1.0.2 --set kymaAddress=35.195.198.66.xip.io -n github-connector --namespace flying-seals . --tls
```
